---
path: "/kings-fail"
cover: "./kk.jpg"
date: "2019-04-21"
title: "Epic Fail With Pocket Kings"
tags: ['poker', 'pocket-pairs']
published: true
---

These days I play at Graton casino.  I play the 1-3 game.  It actually plays a lot bigger.  People buy in for $300-$500.  I bring about $200 or more depending on how I did in blackjack.  Anyways, sometimes there are players who are pretty good.  They will raise to isolate, they will c-bet 100% of the time, fire multiple barells and make good lay downs.  They should play in the 3-5 game, but instead take advantage of the poor players in the smaller game.

I'll try to recall a session I played a couple weeks ago. In the future I'll take some notes.  Overall the session wasn't good.  I feel all right, if I made the right play but the other player just got lucky, but in this case, I feel I played one hand poorly and another terrible.

A few hands into the session I get AhKc in the button.  I raise the standard (which is $15 or 5BB).  I get called by 2 players.  Both of them have me covered.  One has a huge stack...probably about 3k and the other about $500.  Flop comes Kd5s4s.  Pretty good flop for me, but I always worry someone called with a low pair or maybe a straight draw and in this case a possible flush draw too.  I know the player with the 3k stack called a previous raise with 36s a few hands ago, so I know he can have anything.  The other player seems straightforward.  Its checked to me and I bet $30.  They both call.  Turn comes a 7d.  I don't think it makes anyone hand any better.  Its checked to me.  I got about $125 at this point.  I check.  I should have jammed.  The pot is $135.  River is a 9d.  The first player bets about $100, the 2nd player (big stack) cold calls.  I feel I'm beat.  Against one player I'll call.  I think checking the turn against one player would have been a good move so it could induce a bluff or a value bet with someone who had like JJ or TT on the river.  First player turns over KQo and big stack hits a set on the river.

Later on I pick up KK in the button.  Usually I like to see this hand anywhere in a cash game.  UTG+1 raises to 15 (this was the same player in the hand before with KQ) and UTG+2 calls.  At this point, I should put these players on some ranges.  I don't think I did.  Folded to me.  I don't want to too much.  I want at least one customer.  I raise to $40.  I'm in position.  Both players call.  I really should put these players on some ranges, but I still don't.  I was hoping one caller.  Hard to continue to KK if a A flops against 2 players.  The flop doesn't look too good.  Qd9hJd.  Its kind of `wet`, but I have an over pair and a gutter. Its checked to me, but I really don't notice. People are looking at me, so I ask the dealer "Check?", but the dealer thinks I say "check" so he put out the turn. I should have paharsed the question better.  Anyways, I protest ever so slightly, but the turn card is seen and I know I should have been a bit more assertive, because I wanted to put the rest of stack in...I have about $100 or so and the pot is bigger then that.  Anyways, the turn card is 2h, so its pretty good.  First player checks and second player bets $80.  They both know I wanted to go all in on the flop and the turn card didn't help anyone and this guy still bets into me. I was planning on going all in with that turn card.  I should have f***ing realized his donk bet meant he had it...at least 2 pair or better.  Maybe even KTs would have called my raise.  Or QQ or JJ or 99 or TT.  Anyways, I stupidly put
the rest of chips in.  First player folds and 2nd players calls.  The river is a diamond.  He has JJ for a flopped set.  I walk away.  I sometimes rebuy, but my mind wasn't correct after that.  I should slowed it down and realized what he was holding.  Should have folded.  I think I make too many `hero` calls.  I did have 6 outs, but not enough to make that call profitable.

So I left. I had won $122 playing blackjack before poker, so I eventually head back to blackjack and lose $100 pretty good.  I don't head back to the poker room.
